Link for CSS + HTML Review exercise: https://codepen.io/mhidalgo83/pen/QWwVRMd

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML describes and gives meaning to different elements on a page, instead of just using divs. 
        It also helps with SEO.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is the mark-up that is used to layout a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute provides additional informat about HTML elements. attributes are added in between the element
        name and the closing bracket of the opening HTML tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used as the title of a webpage or post. It should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Img tags are require to have src and alt attributes. A tags are required to have the href attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        The head of the HTML document includes any metadata information for the web browser, the title of the webpage,
        and any links to stylesheets or libraries that are going to be used in rendering the webpage to the browser. 
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute that can be added to an HTML element so that it can be styled in CSS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can add an id to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        You can use the same id as much as you want, but best practice is to use it only once, as it should be used
        to target only a specific HTML element.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute that can be added to any HTML element. More specific than the element, less specific
        than an id.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add a class to any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You can use a class on as many elements as you would like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        You should use the target attribute and set it equal to "_blank".
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        The alt attribute is used to write a description of an image, in case the image doesn't render on your webpage.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        To reference an id, you use the # symbol before writing the name of the id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A div is just a plain HTML tag that doesn't describe how the page is laid out, whereas a section shows clear
        clear delineation between content and is good for SEO.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to style HTML elements to the browser.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {
            (Input styles here)
        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class is used to target many elements, where and id only targets one element.
        If you are using the same styles on more than one element, you would use a class.
        If you wanted to add very specific styling to an element, you would use an id.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .(class-name) {
            (styling in here)
        }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector is used to select child elements within a parent element. This is useful if you 
        want the child to inherit the styling from the parent, instead of repeating code (which you don't want to do).
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is used to select elements in a certain state (e.g, :hover).
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Using the line-heigh style.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Using the letter-spacing style.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: dotted 1px black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* (Comment goes here) */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        You use the pwd command to find your location in your file system.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm removes a file. There is no prompt asking if you are sure that's the file you want to delete,
        and the file is deleted permanently.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control allows you to add features to a program without affecting a working version of that program,
        and also allows you to go back in time to a previous version if something is wrong with the current version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        You should commit as often as possible, but at least when you are finished on a certain feature or portion of a 
        project.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push origin (name of branch)
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Once you are in the correct assignment, fork the repo to your github, clone to your machine, add it to the folder
        where you want it to go, clone it into the folder using GitBash, and create a new branch with "git checkout -b 
        (name of branch)". Now you can start to work on the project, committing often to make sure your work is saved.
        Once you are finished with the project, push it to your repo using "git push origin (name of branch)". Add your
        TL as a collaborator to the project, and create a pull request, asking them to review your work and merge
        it into the master branch.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 